Rat. Rats are disciplined, systematic and charismatic. They can be manipulative, selfish and stubborn. Their creative abilities and excellent problem-solving abilities make them excellent administrators, entrepreneurs, managers, directors and researchers.
Ox. Oxen are strong, determined and hard-working individuals. You can depend on them and trust them completely. They are good in routine work and are at their best when they are allowed to work alone. They achieve success as archeologists, engineers, carpenters and real estate agents. 
Tiger. Tigers love challenges and never worry about the outcome. Although they can be stubborn and selfish when they are not in charge, they are usually generous in nature. Their excellent leadership abilities help them succeed as advertising agents, musicians, artists and pilots.
Rabbit. Rabbits are calm, serene, sensitive, outgoing and friendly. They hate confrontations and avoid conflicts. Their wonderful communication skills help them achieve success as politicians, writers, publishers, physicians and fashion designers.
Dragon. Ambition and dominance are the chief characteristics of Dragons. They love challenges and are always willing to take risks. They are mostly successful when allowed to work alone. Since they love leading, they achieve success as inventors, managers, engineers and architects.
Snake. Snakes are graceful and intelligent. They love the materialistic life and love living in luxury. Their analytical bent of mind helps them achieve success as scientists, dieticians, sociologists and investigators.
Horse. Expect people born under this sign to be outgoing, extremely strong and extremely humorous and witty. They are good at multi-tasking and excellent in learning new concepts. They achieve success as journalists, translators and pilots.
Goat. Creative, intelligent and calm is how you can describe a Sheep. Those who are born under this sign prefer working in groups and are very much into studying the inner workings of their minds. Arts, interior designing, illustration and daycare teaching are careers where they achieve the most success.
Monkey. Mischievousness, playfulness and cleverness are the chief characteristics of a Monkey. Anyone who is born under this sign can adapt to any environment and can do just about anything. Accounting, banking and stock market trading are where they achieve the most success.
Rooster. Roosters are generally loyal and you can trust them completely. They can be very blunt in their opinion, which reflects the fact that they are honest, although it can be easily mistaken as meanness. They achieve success in careers such as acting, music, banking and bookkeeping.
Dog. Kindness and loyalty are the chief characteristics of the Dog. Useful advice, ability to listen and always willing to lend a shoulder is what you can expect from a Dog. They make excellent cops, politicians, scientists and professors.
Pig. Pigs enjoy life and are loved by everyone because of their wonderful ability to entertain others. Expect them to be always willing to help and be big spenders. Entertainment, catering and medicine are some of the careers where Dogs achieve the most success.
